Yes, it is a theater company squash today
Here is Jojorion's
It was released at the same time that 10 volumes were released
Pickering also it is me Ultra Jump Ultra Jump is likely Toka 20 anniversary emergence
Take a shiny pick to jump
Flop lock
It is great that it is attached again, but the appendix system
Though this flock seems to be a book cover
I come with a common knitting the Wow book cover
I bought in to say that this is have to buy
Also by
Than cover also I had Art
Oh
Ah ah ah ah
Aa is Kakkoi cool looks cool
Oh like this kind of feeling
Behind Whoo such feeling
So ordinary cover and texture of comics together why
It is usually a book cover, because I do not want to dirty the book
It's not like when you read it outside
Just that
I feel that say comics is cool
I would like to introduce you some of the Jojo goods that will be in the works and those of them today.
I think everyone thinks that you are not interested in such books, though
Also
There is thing which had you say that Jojo favorite of two days, for example
It is amazing this Jousuke and this Giorno Jovana or this crazy diamond and time
Nalancha
Fuugomi Star
Jorudo little that Tteyuu not he a little of the Sticky Fingers
I'm sorry I want you to look at this this and the new eyes of the figure who comparatively by this
Look mobile phone of more than strap beast 10 years ago of the things we do that is I
While not a Gehsen ufo catcher
That Kona processing hanging and taking off this coat of Gehsen
This across in this street game saying go high school from the crane game 7
The precinct solo of the head which was a prize of it
Kurakake Takane so I'd forgotten how much or over was
Well before
Member to put in and eat
4 pitcher ante
I'm out of pada on my computer .
Kyu is highly ap dinosaurs quality creatures
Speaking of Jojo full of songs, isn't it done in the animation of the third part?
The end of this but of course all saw sputum was during this time completed
Of that stand the world of use
I know from when the bulk the bird ability
The sound video of the opening will change or there
Does it really ooze out
Nyan
It is a kamikaze animation that is doing the opening picture of that animation of Jojo
Cold was I
I 'm waiting for Japanese animation groups
I like hard video lab reading Toka open maid to make this root
Hmm
Even if you don't really like him by all means, it 's a cool image
I think I understand
I can say I Deer Jojo each of the opening with name
I think I want to see everyone once
Look at it and see Thailand's ordinary anime so its anime has begun and its opening is
It's about the same time every time , so the opening is something other than that fucking
If you say something like that, you should try holding it in a slant and eat it while watching it
An open that is created by different kamikaze videos in solo
The dog is already
Because it is made really well to enliven animation
Already
There is what that's opening of the anime so really exciting from before the main program begins
It says Fu to so-so rustic is I'd think so
That 's why I say so I'll do my best
It is good to say I thought I'll want to do do Minna
Softening shop restrictions you various events in August dome in Ultra Jump 20 anniversary
It seems to do something like a shop
What Iggy of where
Ferocity Toka t-shirt towel Toka t-shirt Toka Jojo
It seems like it will be released
Come a little performing roots it to the Toka diver
I think I want to buy
I thought it would be nice to have such a time
Today is the variety of various jojos This variety of various jojos
Person who said that I was talking about 0